# covired
As Curfew progresses, it becomes harder to control for 21 days. So an App was mooted which will keep Common man first in mind (Service workers, Volunteers , Police are also core users, but they have ID cards, and now physical passes -if executed well by govts)  We respect privacy and keeping tracking etc to a minimum. Aiming solely for lightening the Roads unlike apps 4 patient tracking etc  We came together on 24 night when the PM announced , and realising the enormity of the initiative and believing that it will work only  if we all pitch in.  The Core assumption of the APP is this :   If people have a way to self-declare to all before stepping out,they will auto-police and reduce outings to a minimum.       How it plays out is detailed in the Concept note.  Everyone gets a QR code (black n white). Under certain conditions it turns Green, Yellow or Pink.  It enables people with passes to pass by just flashing their phones if their App is Coloured.    Who are we:   Like minded citizens  from various backgrounds.   More intros on last sheet of  https://bit.ly/JanataPass_Discussion  . If you came just in please intro  https://bit.ly/33TpLsn  We believe in open source voluntary development . All are leaders and contributors.    Organising our workflow :  We are currenlty using this sheet :https://bit.ly/JanataPass_Discussion   Shorlty moving to a project mgmt app like trello once discussion threads become too many and too hot :)     Appeal : please take up any role you feel needs done and u r good at. No need to wait for anyone’s confirmation.  As of now Raviteja, Dushyanth, Manoj , Navaneeth and Chandrasekhar have been active -but they do not own anything in this -can be approached for any doubts.
